Personally I’m a very friendly and happy person, and believe that people need to lighten up and enjoy life more. Even though I put on a lot of size and to some look intimidating, I’m one of the friendliest people you can meet. I love playing up my perceived stereotype, and at the end of the day, never take myself seriously, which is one of the reasons I have accrued the fan base that I have.
My message is to train hard, don't be a hard cunt, enjoy life and don't take yourself too seriously. If there were more people like me, the world will be a happier place. Id rather do what i do and have fun then sit back hating on someone achieving something.
I don't workout for chicks, i workout to create an aura, when i walk into a room, introduce myself to someone, go for a job interview, i love looking dominant, in charge, and in control. I love walking past and having people point and talk about me, i love the fact that when i go somewhere with thousands of people, almost all of them will remember who i am when it is over, and i didn't even have to say a word.
There are normal people. There are try hards. There are hard cunts. Then there are sick cunts. Sick cunts are the best, friendly, sexy, aesthetic, party hard and live it up without being staunch and get along with everyone.
Everybody, one day, will die and be forgotten. Act and behave in a way that will make life interesting and fun, fuck a mundane, predictable life working Monday to Friday with something you derive no pleasure from; just living life out till you grow old and wither away. Find a passion, form relationships, don't be afraid to get out there and fuck what everyone else thinks, trust me it's a lot more fun that way..
At the end off the day bro you got to listen to this, if your a fucking shredded sick kunt you can get away with anything bro. If your some fat kunt making this shit up people will be like aww yeahh zyzz bro yeah, they wont give a fuck man.
I want to move my life in other directions and have found myself far too involved in a lifestyle with no genuine substance, meeting far too many fake people/girls who if i didn't look the way i did, would have never given me the time of day.. Time to get back to studying, there's more to life than partying.
There is no 'Zyzz'.... Everyone has a little bit of Zyzz in them.
Don’t ever pay people out or put people down. Instead just put yourself up and let the haters do their thing. Id rather be a person that’s hated on, than a person that does the hating. A wise man one said.. Haters gonna hate!
Stop giving a fuck what girls think and say whatever the fuck you want to say and do whatever you want to do.
None of this will make sense to any of you once you get the physique and know whats its like, i know it sounds like im bragging, but think of it as driving a ferrari in real life. why do people drive ferrarris? to get attention, looks, extert dominance and superiority from the norm, and to get people talking… but it also inspires jealousy and haters on the person driving. thats exactly what i experience irl.
I always feel i have to train and diet my hardest now because i have a look/image to live up to. People talk and already have high expectations from what they hear about me, so i would never let myself look sloppy. If anything, all this has made me want to train harder, and diet more intensely. Fuk ‘good enough',, perfection is my goal.
Fuck that shit brah, you can either be a sick cunt or you can be a sad cunt, don't be a sad cunt brah
Nah brah I'm sweet.
FUAAAAAAAAAAAARK
We're all gonna make it brah
Fuckin ripped, yeah cunt!
It's fucking ZEEEEZ man! And I'm coming at you bro
You mirin'?
Fucking coked up brah

