Semen is so chock-full of nutrients, it’s a wonder that people don’t eat more of it.
The average size of a male jizzload is half a teaspoon.
There are around 200 million sperm in an average human jizzload.
Sperm take about 75 days to grow in the testes.
Sperm can live for up to five days inside a vagina, depending on how friendly the vagina is.
Sperm that is not ejaculated gets broken down and reabsorbed into the body.
Although women stop producing eggs after menopause, men continue creating sperm and seminal fluid up until the day they croak.
Science currently offers no answers regarding what happens to semen in the afterlife. It is not known whether semen exists in heaven, although it’s highly likely there’s plenty of semen in hell.
Bat sperm can live up to 145 days, which should make every bat who’s reading this feel incredibly macho.
Foods that will give you vibrant, healthy, muscular, happy, robust sperm include oysters, bananas, walnuts, asparagus, garlic, lean beef, and chocolate.
Some people use semen in their cooking recipes.
Gents, if your BMI is 25 or above, allow me to loudly ring the alarm bell and inform you that your sperm will be slower, fewer in number, and less capable of winning a Gold Medal in swimming than the sperm of slimmer men. What you choose to do about this fact is between you and your so-called “God.”
Many sperm are born with two heads or two tails. Sometimes their heads range in size from puny to enormous. Sometimes their tails are crooked. According to one website, “90% of sperm ejaculated are deformed.”
Most sperm can’t even swim straight.
Sperm will either carry a female “X” chromosome or a male “Y” chromosome—not both—which will eventually determine the baby’s sex.
Healthy sperm enjoy temperatures about seven degrees lower than the average human body temperature
If you spend too much time in hot tubs, you will effectively turn your sperm into hundreds of millions of boiled eggs, rendering you sterile—if that’s your idea of a good time.
Some women are allergic to semen.
A compound in semen known as “spermine” is an antioxidant known to smooth wrinkles and alleviate acne. Spermine is featured in cosmetic creams offered by several swanky high-end spas to the tune of about $250 per tube. Surely there are more natural and frugal methods to obtain spermine? Whatever could they be?
Semen contains dozens of compounds that that have all been known to alleviate the psychological malady known as “the blues.” Semen is a mood-enhancing potion that contains cortisol, estrone, oxytocin, prolactin, melatonin, and serotonin.
In laboratory settings, scientists have been able to fertilize female human eggs using dead human sperm. Apparently the DNA, dead or alive, is all that’s needed to start bakin’ a baby.
Frequent ejaculation improves sperm quality.
British spies in World War I used semen as invisible ink.
Radiofrequency electromagnetic waves are thought to induce oxidative damage to both sperm and eggs.
